# -About Our Project-
XLR-20, our formula style race car, is designed to be faster, more reliable, and safer as compared to its predecessors.
Prime goals for the vehicle are to upgrade the powertrain and reduce weight by 30 kg to 235 kg.
Our previous motors were unable to provide enough power required to compete and score well in dynamics apart from the bare minimum score.
So, an upgrade in the powertrain system was needed and thus two EMRAX 188 motors are used.
To improve dynamic performance, Torque Vectoring based on yaw rate control is implemented.
Owing to increased motor voltage, overall tractive system voltage is increased to 400 VDC from last year's 100 VDC,
thus more reliable and safe cells are chosen over previous OEM. 
Liquid-cooling of motors and inverters along with proper validated air cooling of the accumulator is implemented.
To complete the low voltage system’s increased power demands, a DC/DC converter is designed to power it from the accumulator.
Furthermore, to achieve robustness and reliability, self-designed master-slave topology-based BMS is used.
A 4.3 inch LCD display integrated within front communication board, displays parameters like SOC, speed, acceleration and brake line pressure to the driver.
Prime goal of the chassis, suspension, brakes, and drivetrain system was to reduce weight without compromise in rigidity, and manufacturing quality.
Topology optimized placement of custom dimension tubes increased chassis stiffness over 65 % from its predecessor with a weight reduction of around 4.5 kg.
Introduction of CFRP in structural parts of accumulator internal walls yielded weight reduction to 2.3 kg from 4.5 kg while maintaining structural safety factor of more than 2.
Shifting from single-stage planetary to stepped planetary gearbox and use of hollow shafts over solid shaft achieved a weight reduction of around 50%. 
With the integration of Front and Rear U-ARBs, we are able to test our vehicle over a large range of handling characteristics,
from understeer to oversteer and vary the roll gradient from 0.58 °/g to 0.84 °/g.
